Allow re-use of decorated tasks (#22941)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/tutorial_taskflow_api.rst

    :start-after: [START main_flow]
    :end-before: [END main_flow]

> Re-using a decorated task
> -------------------------
> 
> Decorated tasks are flexible. You can re-use a decorated task in multiple DAGs, overriding the operator
> parameters such as the ``task_id``, ``queue``, ``pool``, etc, as well as the task's arguments.
> 
> Below is an example of how you can re-use a decorated task in multiple DAGs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reusing a decorated task
-------------------------

Decorated tasks are flexible. You can reuse a decorated task in multiple DAGs, overriding the operator
parameters such as the ``task_id``, ``queue``, ``pool``, etc., as well as the task's arguments.

Below is an example of how you can reuse a decorated task in multiple DAGs:
```

Reviewer: >as well as the task's arguments.
We're just overriding the operator parameters, right?

Reviewer: Should we link to the [list of operator params](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/tutorial.html#default-arguments) we have in the docs so users have some more reference to what can be overwritten albeit not exhaustive? WDYT?

Author: No. I feel that linking to the operator params may cause confusion/derailing...

.. code-block:: python
    from airflow.decorators import task, dag
    from datetime import datetime

    @task
    def add_task(x, y):
        print(f"Task args: x={x}, y={y}")
        return x + y

    @dag(start_date=datetime(2022, 1, 1))
    def mydag():
        start = add_task.override(task_id="start")(1, 2)
        for i in range(3):
            start >> add_task.override(task_id=f"add_start_{i}")(start, i)

    @dag(start_date=datetime(2022, 1, 1))
    def mydag2():
        start = add_task(1, 2)
        for i in range(3):
            start >> add_task.override(task_id=f"new_add_task_{i}")(start, i)

    first_dag = mydag()
    second_dag = mydag2()

You can also import the above ``add_task`` and use it in another DAG file.

> Suppose the code above lives in a file called ``common.py``. You can do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose the ``add_task`` code lives in a file called ``common.py``. You can do this:
```

.. code-block:: python

    from common import add_task
    from airflow.decorators import dag
    from datetime import datetime

    @dag(start_date=datetime(2022, 1, 1))
    def use_add_task():
        start = add_task.override(priority_weight=3)(1, 2)
        for i in range(3):

>             start >> add_task.override(task_id=f"new_add_task_{i}", pool="default_pool")(

Reviewer: Should we use another `pool` value that's not the default for an override?

Author: Maybe I will change it to another arg. I want the code to run if copied
